e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\MusicPlayerApp\obj\Debug\MusicPlayerApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\MusicPlayerApp\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\MusicPlayerApp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\MusicPlayerApp\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\MusicPlayerApp\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\MusicPlayerApp\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\MusicPlayerApp\obj\Debug\App.xaml
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\MusicPlayerApp\obj\Debug\App.xbf
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\MusicPlayerApp\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\MusicPlayerApp\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\MusicPlayerApp\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\MusicPlayerApp\bin\Debug\App.xbf
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\MusicPlayerApp\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\MusicPlayerApp\bin\Debug\MusicPlayerApp.xr.xml
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\MusicPlayerApp\bin\Debug\MusicPlayerApp.exe
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\MusicPlayerApp\bin\Debug\MusicPlayerApp.pdb
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\MusicPlayerApp\bin\Debug\resources.pri
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\MusicPlayerApp\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\MusicPlayerApp\bin\Debug\MusicPlayerApp.build.appxrecipe
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\MusicPlayerApp\obj\Debug\MusicPlayerApp.exe
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\MusicPlayerApp\obj\Debug\MusicPlayerApp.pdb
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\MusicPlayerApp\obj\Debug\MusicPlayerApp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\MusicPlayerApp\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\MusicPlayerApp\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\MusicPlayerApp\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\MusicPlayerApp\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\MusicPlayerApp\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\MusicPlayerApp\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\MusicPlayerApp\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\MusicPlayerApp\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\MusicPlayerApp\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\MusicPlayerApp\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\MusicPlayerApp\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\MusicPlayerApp\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\MusicPlayerApp\bin\Debug\BackgroundAudioTask.winmd
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\MusicPlayerApp\bin\Debug\BackgroundAudioTask.pdb
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\MusicPlayerApp\bin\Debug\BackgroundAudioTask.pri
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\MusicPlayerApp\bin\Debug\PlaylistSong.dll
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\MusicPlayerApp\bin\Debug\PlaylistSong.pdb
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\MusicPlayerApp\bin\Debug\PlaylistSong.pri
E:\Clemens\Dokumente\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\MusicPlayerApp\obj\Debug\PlaylistPage.g.i.cs
E:\Clemens\Dokumente\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\MusicPlayerApp\obj\Debug\PlaylistPage.g.cs
E:\Clemens\Dokumente\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\MusicPlayerApp\obj\Debug\PlaylistPage.xaml
E:\Clemens\Dokumente\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\MusicPlayerApp\obj\Debug\PlaylistPage.xbf
E:\Clemens\Dokumente\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\MusicPlayerApp\bin\Debug\PlaylistPage.xbf
E:\Clemens\Dokumente\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\MusicPlayerApp\bin\Debug\TagLib.Portable.dll
E:\Clemens\Dokumente\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\MusicPlayerApp\bin\Debug\PlayerIconsWP8.1.dll
E:\Clemens\Dokumente\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\MusicPlayerApp\bin\Debug\PlayerIconsWP8.1.pdb
E:\Clemens\Dokumente\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\MusicPlayerApp\bin\Debug\PlayerIconsWP8.1.pri
E:\Clemens\Dokumente\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\MusicPlayerApp\bin\Debug\SecondaryTilePage.xbf
E:\Clemens\Dokumente\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\MusicPlayerApp\obj\Debug\SecondaryTilePage.g.i.cs
E:\Clemens\Dokumente\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\MusicPlayerApp\obj\Debug\SecondaryTilePage.g.cs
E:\Clemens\Dokumente\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\MusicPlayerApp\obj\Debug\SecondaryTilePage.xaml
E:\Clemens\Dokumente\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\MusicPlayerApp\obj\Debug\SecondaryTilePage.xbf
