e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\PlaylistSong\bin\Debug\PlaylistSong.dll
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\PlaylistSong\bin\Debug\PlaylistSong.pdb
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\PlaylistSong\bin\Debug\PlaylistSong.pri
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\PlaylistSong\obj\Debug\PlaylistSong.dll
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\PlaylistSong\obj\Debug\PlaylistSong.pdb
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\PlaylistSong\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\PlaylistSong\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\PlaylistSong\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\PlaylistSong\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\PlaylistSong\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\PlaylistSong\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\PlaylistSong\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\PlaylistSong\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\PlaylistSong\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\PlaylistSong\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\PlaylistSong\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
E:\Clemens\Dokumente\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\PlaylistSong\bin\Debug\PlayerIconsWP8.1.dll
E:\Clemens\Dokumente\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\PlaylistSong\bin\Debug\PlayerIconsWP8.1.pdb
E:\Clemens\Dokumente\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\PlaylistSong\bin\Debug\PlayerIconsWP8.1.pri
E:\Clemens\Dokumente\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\PlaylistSong\obj\Debug\PlaylistSong.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\Clemens\Dokumente\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\PlaylistSong\bin\Debug\TagLib.Portable.dll
