c:\users\clemens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FolderMusicUwp\FolderMusicBackgroundTask\bin\ARM\Debug\FolderMusicBackgroundTask.winmd
c:\users\clemens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FolderMusicUwp\FolderMusicBackgroundTask\bin\ARM\Debug\FolderMusicBackgroundTask.pdb
c:\users\clemens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FolderMusicUwp\FolderMusicBackgroundTask\bin\ARM\Debug\FolderMusicBackgroundTask.pri
c:\users\clemens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FolderMusicUwp\FolderMusicBackgroundTask\bin\ARM\Debug\FolderMusicUwpLib.dll
c:\users\clemens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FolderMusicUwp\FolderMusicBackgroundTask\bin\ARM\Debug\FolderMusicUwpLib.pdb
c:\users\clemens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FolderMusicUwp\FolderMusicBackgroundTask\bin\ARM\Debug\FolderMusicUwpLib.pri
c:\users\clemens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FolderMusicUwp\FolderMusicBackgroundTask\obj\ARM\Debug\FolderMusicBackgroundTask.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\clemens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FolderMusicUwp\FolderMusicBackgroundTask\obj\ARM\Debug\FolderMusicBackgroundTask.winmd
c:\users\clemens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FolderMusicUwp\FolderMusicBackgroundTask\obj\ARM\Debug\FolderMusicBackgroundTask.pdb
c:\users\clemens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FolderMusicUwp\FolderMusicBackgroundTask\obj\ARM\Debug\FolderMusicBackgroundTask.winmdobj
c:\users\clemens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FolderMusicUwp\FolderMusicBackgroundTask\obj\ARM\Debug\FolderMusicBackgroundTask.compile.pdb
c:\users\clemens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FolderMusicUwp\FolderMusicBackgroundTask\obj\ARM\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\clemens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FolderMusicUwp\FolderMusicBackgroundTask\obj\ARM\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\clemens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FolderMusicUwp\FolderMusicBackgroundTask\obj\ARM\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\clemens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FolderMusicUwp\FolderMusicBackgroundTask\obj\ARM\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\clemens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FolderMusicUwp\FolderMusicBackgroundTask\obj\ARM\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\clemens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FolderMusicUwp\FolderMusicBackgroundTask\obj\ARM\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\clemens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FolderMusicUwp\FolderMusicBackgroundTask\obj\ARM\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\clemens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FolderMusicUwp\FolderMusicBackgroundTask\obj\ARM\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\clemens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FolderMusicUwp\FolderMusicBackgroundTask\obj\ARM\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\clemens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FolderMusicUwp\FolderMusicBackgroundTask\obj\ARM\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\clemens\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FolderMusicUwp\FolderMusicBackgroundTask\obj\ARM\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
