e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\BackgroundAudioTask\obj\Debug\BackgroundAudioTask.winmd
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\BackgroundAudioTask\obj\Debug\BackgroundAudioTask.winmdobj
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\BackgroundAudioTask\obj\Debug\BackgroundAudioTask.compile.pdb
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\BackgroundAudioTask\bin\Debug\BackgroundAudioTask.winmd
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\BackgroundAudioTask\bin\Debug\BackgroundAudioTask.pdb
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\BackgroundAudioTask\bin\Debug\BackgroundAudioTask.pri
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\BackgroundAudioTask\obj\Debug\BackgroundAudioTask.pdb
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\BackgroundAudioTask\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\BackgroundAudioTask\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\BackgroundAudioTask\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\BackgroundAudioTask\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\BackgroundAudioTask\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\BackgroundAudioTask\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\BackgroundAudioTask\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\BackgroundAudioTask\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\BackgroundAudioTask\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\BackgroundAudioTask\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\BackgroundAudioTask\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
e:\clemens\dokumente\visual studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\BackgroundAudioTask\obj\Debug\BackgroundAudioTask.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\Clemens\Dokumente\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\BackgroundAudioTask\bin\Debug\PlayerIconsWP8.1.dll
E:\Clemens\Dokumente\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\BackgroundAudioTask\bin\Debug\PlayerIconsWP8.1.pdb
E:\Clemens\Dokumente\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\BackgroundAudioTask\bin\Debug\PlayerIconsWP8.1.pri
E:\Clemens\Dokumente\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\BackgroundAudioTask\bin\Debug\TagLib.Portable.dll
E:\Clemens\Dokumente\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\BackgroundAudioTask\bin\Debug\PlaylistSongLibraryLib.dll
E:\Clemens\Dokumente\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\BackgroundAudioTask\bin\Debug\PlaylistSongLibraryLib.pdb
E:\Clemens\Dokumente\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MusicPlayerApp\BackgroundAudioTask\bin\Debug\PlaylistSongLibraryLib.pri
